♪ It seems today
that all you see ♪
♪ Is violence in movies
and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values ♪
On which we used to rely? ♪
Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man
who positively can do ♪
All the things that make us ♪
Laugh and cry ♪
♪ He's... a...
Fam... ily... Guy! ♪
A little taste of the future
right here in Quahog?
That's right.
Virtual Reality World
has just opened its doors
to the public.
For those of you
who don't know what VR is,
I will now attempt
to explain it to you
without the aid
of a teleprompter.
You put a computer on a face,
and it's like this whole world,
man. It's crazy.
I dated a chick
whose little brother had one.
Just nuts.
- Guys, let's go to VR World.
- Hell yeah.
- Let's do it.
- All right.
I mixed up the letters.
- We-
- We'll... We'll-we'll get there.
Gentlemen, the going rate
is 20 bucks a game over here.
Who's got
a pair of stones big enough
to challenge the mighty Meg?
My money's on the table.
Can you please
get out of my way?
- Come take my money.
- My hand is bleeding,
and I need to wash it
so it doesn't get infected!
Oh, okay.
He scurred. Everybody scurred.
Damn bunch of panzos over here.
Bruce, how we doing
on those Gulden's packets?
I got my mind on my mustard
and my mustard on my mind.
There it is.
What is going on with you today?
I'm just so bored.
Ain't nobody forcing you
to stay here.
Go do something.
I did. I went over
to that new car wash.
They got all the rainbow lights.
Real classy joint.
Anyway, they say I can only
go through five times.
Like,
why would you restrict that?
Listen, Meg, I got to run.
A special-needs boy got
his hands on a Rum and Coke,
and he's absolutely destroying
the arcade.
Hey, if you
really got nothing going on,
I could use a ride home.
Yeah, like I'm really gonna let some...
hot piece of ass in my car.
How the hell are you doing, boy?
I'm good, thanks.
My name's Seymour.
I'm Meg. But everyone here
calls me Thrash.
- Heya, Meg.
- Wow.
Yeah, I'll give you a ride.
Just hope you don't mind
going fast.
Here, let me show you
how it's done.
Oh, sorry. That's my phone.
Let it go to voice mail.
Gentlemen, welcome
to Virtual Reality World.
Now, who's ready
to put something on your face
that was on someone else's face
15 minutes ago?
Wow! Mine says, "Low battery.
Charge immediately."
Is this real life?
Aw, cool.
Virtual Reality: The Hulk.
What's going on?
What's happening?
I don't know. It's weird.
It keeps stopping and rebooting.
Eric Bana, smash.
Edward Norton, smash.
- Okay, here we go. Mark Ruffalo.
- Are you smashing?
No, I'm mainly just updating
my Twitter avatar
to raise awareness
about fracking.
That's lame. Try getting angry.
Uh, I don't get angry. I vote.
I vote.
So, Seymour,
you from around here?
Just moved here from Philly.
Oh, right on. I love Philly.
- I hated it...
- Kind of a dump.
- ...when I had to leave.
- Great town.
Maybe I'm thinking of Dallas.
- You want some mustard?
- No, thanks.
I had a chalky, expired Kit Kat
at the bowling alley.
Right on.
Sorry for all the packet racket.
These things
can be a little tricky.
There we go.
Hooah!
It's that tang that gets me.
Hey, Meg, would you mind
- pulling over at this 7-
- Eleven?
No doubt. I am the same way.
Once I start thinking
about that hot case,
I gots to pull over.
I'll just do sex.
You don't need that.
Wait right here.
What the...
What is happening right now?
Damn it.
I should have just stayed home.
This is a bigger mistake
than the Bill Belichick
Christmas album.
♪ Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer ♪
♪ Had
some real explosive plays ♪
And if we saw zone defense ♪
♪ We knew that it was gonna
give us the best ability ♪
♪ To get the ball
down the field ♪
♪ And we understood
our opponents ♪
♪ Might have some difficulty
with that. ♪
What's up with those hiccups?
I don't know.
I think
I said "giggity..." too fast
when the guy was... explaining
how the goggles...
sit on your face.
Now they're not going away.
- Boo!
- What are you doing?
You can scare 'em away.
You thought that would scare me?
Crap.
Why aren't they going away?
This is worse than the B side...
of that Bill Belichick...
Christmas album.
♪ On the first day
of Christmas ♪
My true love gave to me ♪
$4 million ♪
♪ And a player
to be named later. ♪
Let's go, Meg! Drive!
All right, Meg.
That was awesome.
Where have you been all my life?
Probably mostly at my house.
Oh! One time, my dad
took me to see Stevie Nicks
when my mom was sick.
What do you think
she's gonna play next, Dad?
I don't know,
but if it's "Edge of Seventeen,"
back up.
I need some twirling room.
- ♪ ♪
- Oh, this is it! This is it!
Back up! Back up! Back up!
Well, look who's finally up.
Oh, I'm up, all right.
Meg, drive!
How do you want your eggs?
120 miles an hour
on the razor's edge
between life and death.
Okay. I'll just do,
like, a cheesy scramble.
Hey, Dad, is it all right
if I use the car again?
Yeah, that's fine. Why?
What do you got going on?
Oh, just some stuff.
What was all that noise
in your bedroom this morning?
Oh, you know, not much.
All right, Mr. Quagmire,
I understand
you have the hiccups.
Now, it says here on your chart
you've tried "boo."
Outside of that,
the best way to treat hiccups
is through hypnosis.
Yeah, hypnosis helps
with all sorts of stuff.
This guy even helped me recover
a traumatic repressed memory.
One front-row ticket
for Nickelback, please.
The music was great,
but I split my black jeans
during "Photograph."
The bouncers had to carry me out
with a napkin over my ass.
My mama always said that hiccups
are a sign that the devil's
got ahold of you.
If anything can drive 'em away,
it's Reverend Lucius.
And, like all Black priests,
he's Whitney Houston's uncle.
Is this the possessed one?
Son, I'm now going to place
my hands on the afflicted area.
Satan, release your grasp
from this man.
In the name of Christ,
I exorcise thee,
infernal invader!
Well, I'm out
of purple-suited ideas.
Peter, what are you doing?
He's doing hiccup stuff.
I'm doing hat stuff.
Easy with the fans, ladies.
Easy with the fans.
Right on time.
Meg, what are you doing?
You're not gonna beat it.
Who said anything
about beating it?
Can you pass me that retainer
in the cup holder?
I have to wear it
or my teeth will shift.
That's smart.
Mine have shifted.
See?
Yes! That's
what I'm talking about, Meg!
I love hanging out with you.
That was such a rush!
This must be what it's like
to get a B12 shot.
Hi. I'm a bored white person
looking to waste $60?
Well, I have a certificate
from a probably, like,
three-day course
that says I can inject people
with stuff.
That needle's clean, right?
You bet it is.
Hey... I saw your TV was on
and thought I'd... swing by.
Geez, you look like hell.
Listen,
I'm at the end of my rope here.
I can't sleep. I can't eat.
Peyton Manning was accused
of assaulting a woman...
and it just kind of went away.
I need you to do something
for me, Peter.
What is it? You name it.
I don't want to live like this.
I need...
I need you to kill me.
What?! Quagmire,
I can't do that.
You're-you're my best friend.
If that's true,
then you'll... do it.
You don't know
what it's been like.
I can't remember the last time
I slept... 15 minutes straight.
It's torture, Peter...
and it's driving me insane!
Please... I'm begging you.
Well, if it's really come
to that,
if that's what you really want,
I'll do it.
Oh, thank you, Peter.
And you have to do it.
You can't let me out of it,
no matter how much I insist.
It's done.
I'll come get you tomorrow.
Thank you, Peter...
thank you so much.
What are you doing
with your Hawaiian shirts?
I want them tightly folded
like a flag
at a military funeral.
There's a condom in the pocket.
And it's used.
Who else but Quagmire?
Burn. Why aren't you burning?
Uh, Black Irish, Chris.
I never burn, only tan.
Uh, hey, Kel, how's
that cocktail coming along?
Listen, Meg, I've got a big job
I've been thinking about.
- I'm talking huge.
- You're not...
You're not seriously thinking
about robbing
- Ross Dress for Less.
- Ross Dress for Less. Exactly.
It's their Memorial Day sale
this weekend.
- Big job.
- Big savings.
That's Ross Dress for Less.
Gonna need a hell of a driver.
I knew I could count on you.
What kind is this?
It's French's.
Oh, my God,
Meg's gonna commit a robbery.
What am I gonna do?
Chris is in distress?
Herbert is in distress?
Old turtle.
Hey, Meg?
I need to talk to you
about something.
About Ross Dress for Less.
What?
How do you know about that?
I heard what you said
in the car.
Meg, I think you're
very confused about something.
Oh, what?
Wait, wait, let me guess.
Seymour's just using me?
Trust me, Chris,
I'm not confused about anything.
- No, Meg...
- Stop spying on me, you little creep.
Oh, man, I got to tell somebody.
But first, let's have a look
at this sex toy drawer.
Wow, big sex toy.
And big savings. That's Hitachi.
Goodbye, baby girl.
Daddy's going away for a while.
Ugh, I can't...
Ow! Ouch!
God, those claws
went right through my pants.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, they're gone.
Kitty, you did it!
You broke the curse!
Peter, no! They went away.
- My hiccups are gone.
- Oh, no.
That's exactly what you said
not to listen to.
Peter, please!
I swear, they're gone! Listen!
Sorry, Quagmire. I promised
to take you out of your misery.
And when I give my word
on something,
I give it my all.
Like when I guarded
Jeffrey Epstein.
We would like to see prisoner.
- On whose authority?
- Your mother.
All right, I was able to hack
into the city's server.
There's an accessible heat duct
on the southwest side
of the building.
If we set off an explosion here...
Meg, I'm just gonna walk in
and point a gun at the cashier.
Oh. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah,
that-that should work.
Yeah, we don't need
the timer, either.
It won't be a factor
in anything I do.
You okay back there, Quagmire?
QUAGMIRE
Why do you care
if you're just gonna
kill me anyway?
We're still friends. Geez.
That store is a disaster.
The robes
are next to the hand weights.
I mean, come on.
Go, Meg! Let's go.
We did it! Meg, that was...
Wow.
You're not just using me,
are you?
What would give you that idea?
I don't know.
Just used to being hurt,
I guess.
Meg, in addition to being
the most kick-ass getaway driver
I have ever seen,
I think you're
the most amazing person
I've ever met.
Really?
Lift up your head ♪
Wipe off that mascara ♪
Here, take my Kleenex ♪
Wipe that mustard away ♪
Show me your face ♪
Clean as the morning ♪
I know things were bad ♪
But now they're okay ♪
Suddenly Seymour. ♪
Seymour!
Meg, get out of here.
- I'll take the heat for this.
- What? Why?
Because you're my sister
and I love you.
But what do we do about Seymo...
What the...?
Meg, there never was a Seymour.
Think about it.
Just hope you don't mind
going fast.
Ooh. Big, flat butt, 11 o'clock.
I got it.
Oh, Seymour.
Don't turn the wheel, please.
I don't understand.
I watched you
in front of Ross Dress for Less.
You were just revving the engine
with your hand down your pants.
Look,
whatever's going on with you,
we're gonna figure it out.
Thank you, Chris.
What the hell?
We'll talk later. Just go.
Hey, you got to frickin' watch
where you're going, man.
Chris?
What are you doing out here?
Oh, y-you caught me.
I, uh, I stole your car
and went on a joyride.
Yeah!
Chris,
I am very disappointed in you,
and you are grounded,
and we will talk about this
after I kill my best friend.
Well, Peter,
I'm glad the gun jammed
and Quagmire's still alive.
Yeah, the gun definitely jammed
and I didn't miss him
with all six bullets,
- that's for sure.
- What are we gonna do about Meg?
She's upstairs
having very loud sex
with her imaginary boyfriend.
MEG
Suddenly Seymour. ♪
Maybe this has something
to do with that.
The FDA has issued a recall
on four brands of mustard
due to possible
E. coli contamination.
So far, there have been
three confirmed cases
here in Rhode Island.
Symptoms of infection
include fever, diarrhea,
and delusions
of having a criminal boyfriend.
Wow. That Family Guy simulation
was really freaky.
It's like I was in the episode.
I'll say. Do you want to do
a Bob's Burgers?
Dude, lead with that next time.